very good friends of youtube
welcome to a new video for me
today I bring you a quick video
How to revive a motorcycle when it is left
dead due to lack of load here on the side
they will see that the steps are simple
they will see here cost as I did them
it is practically very easy what they have
what to do is when you receive in the team
dead and not pledge are going to have to
to press the power button keep it
pressed and connect it to the stream
without releasing the button
minutes and a half minute the phone goes to
move to live the white led until
garment and there they are going to let it load
practically everything or 20% turn it on
well for them to see that it works and what
they keep charging and they will revive him there
that phone had been sent to a
service and they had not been
to walk had told him he had
broken the tad to 8 they also made it was
the plate that was soft problem but
indeed the phone revived from
that way
remember there are steps that say that
can do without connecting to the current
but you do not have to connect it to the
current they say has a system
that keeps a minimum percentage of
battery to make it start but to me
I found it and here they are giving
device as you can see
without any inconvenience we
we see in a very important next
because when I learned it when I
I managed to learn I stayed in the m
motorola the world and did not load more in
Then I recommend that you make a
enter the recovery mode
the recovery stop mode for those who do not
know let's show it let's pay it
I'm left in the world and there was
black
do not be scared they have to do a very
silver with factor and reset
the two wood that has forgiveness the cache and
the reset they will have
Sheep and as follows
they press home and power and when they vibrate
release power
as you can see that is the recovery mode
they move down with the volume and
up on the ok and they will enter
to recovery a flavor that this happens
and there we have recovery we keep that
appear
a little touch each one and press the
Volume buttons at the same time
and will enter the recovery we address
what
all three at once sorry for a
volume up volume down and power and
there they are going to be
the wing
factors and the build has partitioned
they were going to do the reboot and once
do that the team is going to restart
they're going to lose the data possibly in
the space I had to do it I do not know if
will happen with all the same but for the
doubts that the team that the black and not
vote they will have to do that
process
friend this was the tutorial on the day of
today how to revive a motorcycle gp for lack of
load until then